The matter of spring rain is solved
When will the emperor let me go home?
The matter is solved.
But in the eyes of the queen
You have made an alliance with me
For you
The public is safest here
Your Majesty, can you speak directly?
I have a low IQ and I don't understand
The queen never took you as her sister
Only treat you as an obedient dog
You must also want to rebel against him
as
Make a deal with me
What deal?
You enter the palace
Be my concubine
As long as you are pregnant with the dragon seed
Feng Jia will definitely give up the blizzard
Instead, support a more valuable you
You made this abacus
I heard it from 800 miles away
Hahahaha
Emperor, stop joking
I have seven servants in my house
How can I enter the palace as a concubine?
So what?
The first three backyards are enough.
Anyway, those servants of yours have their own ghosts
Qingya
I know you are still ice-clean and clean
As long as you want
I will give you a thousand loves
Make you a favorite